# CS-330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization

After considering my design process, I concluded that it is something that I need to improve further on. In this course in particular, I felt that I could have done much better implementing organization and consistency throughout my code. I did follow a standard commenting structure for each object in my project so that it was easy to know which object was being referenced in each instance. 

This course introduced a slew of new concepts as I've never worked with creating graphics or worked with OpenGL before. Each module added another element to creating the scene which was fun watching my chosen scene evolve over time. However, I was disappointed that I never felt completely finished because of my unresolved struggles with utilizing the lighting and materials. Module 6 which taught this element happened on a really bad week for technical issues when my ISP could not provide stable internet access for over a week. Unfortunately, I had done all my coding in the virtual lab. I appreciate my professor's understanding and being allowed some extra time to complete my work, but I still failed to execute it satisfactorily.

Computer science is the very path of my educational pathway. I am completing this course on the way to getting my BS in Computer Science in order to hopefully become a software developer. Computational graphics is an important step to that end in that it gives me more tools to create functional and elegant applications which may very well require me to create those very graphics. The examples each week given in the resources section were very fun to interact with and explore. Mimicking physics especially with water animations was very impressive and gives a great example of what is possible with greater understanding of computational graphics.
